Add "Self Tests" developer documentation (#6742)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/developer_guide/modules/selftests.md

# Self Tests

## FAQ

Frequently asked questions about how to write and execute tests for Slicer.

### How are the tests executed ?

There are two main mechanisms:

* On-demand execution using:

>   * `Reload & Test` module panel section displayed for scripted modules when the [developer mode](user_guide/settings.md#developer) is enabledin the application settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `Reload & Test` module panel section displayed for scripted modules when the [developer mode](user_guide/settings.md#developer) is enabled in the application settings.
```
